Doc update (#72)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/log_collection.md

# Android Log Collection

> Send logs to Datadog from your Android applications with [Datadog's `dd-sdk-android` client-side Kotlin logging library][1] and leverage the following features:

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should specifically say `Kotlin` in this sentence. It might give the idea that the library might only work with Kotlin code, when in fact it is also compatible with Java code. I'd remove Kotlin entirely and simply add a line saying that the library can be used from both Kotlin and Java code (eg as stated in the list below, line 7)

> Send logs to Datadog from your Android applications with [Datadog's `dd-sdk-android` client-side Kotlin logging library][1] and leverage the following features:

Author: ```suggestion
Send logs to Datadog from your Android applications with [Datadog's `dd-sdk-android` client-side logging library][1] and leverage the following features:
```

* Log to Datadog in JSON format natively.
* Add `context` and extra custom attributes to each log sent.
* Forward Java/Kotlin caught exceptions automatically.

> * Record real client IP addresses and User Agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Record real client IP addresses and User-Agents.
```

* Optimized network usage with automatic bulk posts.

**Note**: The `dd-sdk-android` library supports all Android versions from API level 21 (Lollipop).

## Setup

1. Add the Gradle dependency by declaring the library as a dependency in your `build.gradle` file:

    ```conf
    repositories {
        maven { url "https://dl.bintray.com/datadog/datadog-maven" }
    }

    dependencies {
        implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android:x.x.x"
    }
    ```

> 2. Initialize the library with your application context and your Datadog Client token. A [Datadog client token][2] is used here for security reasons, [Datadog API keys][3] cannot be used to configure the `dd-sdk-android` library as they would be exposed client-side in the Android application APK byte code. For more information about setting up a client token, see the [Client token documentation][2]:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Initialize the library with your application context and your [Datadog client token][2]. For security reasons, you must use a client token: you cannot use [Datadog API keys][3] to configure the `dd-sdk-android` library as they would be exposed client-side in the Android application APK byte code. For more information about setting up a client token, see the [client token documentation][2]:
```

    ```

    In java you would have:

    ```java
    Logger.d(
            "onPageStarted",
            null,
            new HashMap<String, Object>() {{
                put("http.url", url);
            }}
    );
    ```

## Advanced logging

### Initialization

The following parameters can be used when initializing the logger to send logs to Datadog:

| Method                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|----------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `setNetworkInfoEnabled(true)`    | Add `network.client.connectivity` attribute to all log. The data logged by default is `connectivity` (`Wifi`, `3G`, `4G`...) and `carrier_name` (`AT&T - US`). `Carrier_name` is only available for Android API level 28 and above. |

> | `setServiceName(<SERVICE_NAME>)` | Set `<SERVICE_NAME>` as value for the `service` [standard attribute][4] attached to all log sent to Datadog.                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `setServiceName(<SERVICE_NAME>)` | Set `<SERVICE_NAME>` as value for the `service` [standard attribute][4] attached to all logs sent to Datadog.                                                                                                                        |
```

| `setLogcatLogsEnabled(true)`     | Set to `true` to use Logcat as logger.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `setDatadogLogsEnabled(true)`    | Set to `true` to send logs to Datadog.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `setLoggerName(<LOGGER_NAME>)`   | Set `<LOGGER_NAME>` as value for the `logger.name` attribute attached to all log sent to Datadog.                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `setLoggerName(<LOGGER_NAME>)`   | Set `<LOGGER_NAME>` as the value for the `logger.name` attribute attached to all logs sent to Datadog.                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `setVerbosity(Log.INFO)`         | Set the verbosity of the logger. All internal messages in the library with a priority equal or higher than the provided level will be logged to Android's LogCat.                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `setVerbosity(Log.INFO)`         | Set the verbosity of the logger. All internal messages in the library with a priority equal or higher than the provided level will be logged to Android's Logcat.                                                                   |
```

| `build()`                        | Build a new logger instance with all options set.                                                                                                                                                                                   |

### Global configuration

Find below functions to add/remove tags and attributes to all logs sent by a given logger.

#### Global Tags

##### Add Tags

Use the `addTag("<TAG_KEY>","<TAG_VALUE>")` function to add tags to all logs sent by a specific logger:

```kotlin
// This adds a tag "build_type:debug" or "build_type:release" accordingly
logger.addTag("build_type", BuildConfig.BUILD_TYPE)

// This adds a tag "device:android"
logger.addTag("device", "android")
```

**Note**: `<TAG_VALUE>` must be a String.

##### Remove Tags

Use the `removeTagsWithKey("<TAG_KEY>")` function to remove tags from all logs sent by a specific logger:

```kotlin
// This removes any tag starting with "build_type"
logger.removeTagsWithKey("build_type")
```

[Learn more about Datadog tags][5].

#### Global Attributes

##### Add attributes

> By default, the following attributes are added to all logs send by a logger:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the following attributes are added to all logs sent by a logger:
```
